so they also we're joined by friend of
earth and black Shawn Fogg it from
cocktails the world and we said we
wanted to film crocodiles pleading yeah
and you've got a few things in mind
fifty we do we're gonna start with some
small ones first and these are our Nile
crocodiles which we're gonna begin with
so today we're going to be feeding the
crocodiles some pork and also some rats
rats very nice favorite of these
crocodiles so these guys might look
quite dinky but in fact they go to the
second largest reptile on the planet and
these guys are manatees in the world
yeah they are they're the one crocodile
species this responsible for the most
human death
[Music]
oh man it looks absolutely awesome
what's the deal with the eyes how come
they've got that weird vertical slit
going on oh well there's one theory
going that I think you'll quite like it
she basically the horizontal distance is
as small as possible a bit like the
aperture of a camera so if you keep that
small you'll get a really good depth of
focus so these guys don't have to move
very far to have a good focus on their
prey up ahead which is really good for
stealth sort of ambush predators at
night so a lot of these nocturnal
predators have it but then you're not
getting much lighting so they've
stretched their eye vertically to get
more light in that way it's really
that's really cool assume they're not
possible awesome but I kind of want to
see a little bit more action okay these
guys have definitely the most ultimate
laughs oh great we're gonna introduce it
to missile and torpedo here so are two
Cuban crocodiles now they're in the top
five most endangered so there's not many
of them left in the wild right they've
got lots of other tensions which help in
the way that they hunt that food they've
got the longest legs of any crocodiles
which effectively gives them a very fast
run and also the ability to jump very
high on the language work well these
guys will be from the distance because
they are dangerous
[Music]
Oh ggressive leaf isn't it but what's
really nice in fact only just recently
discovered about crocodiles as they can
move their lungs around inside their
body cavity so they're actually able to
move their lives forward for example
when they wanted to angle their bodies
straight up to shift that center of
gravity yeah
and the side to side if they wanted
drugs yeah exactly this has one of the
ways they control their buoyancy is by
moving those little air pockets around
in their bodies very clever yeah yeah
Peter outline cuz they've got these
really powerful next Anna to get a
decent jump oh yeah yeah yeah look to me
typical sort of jump that you would say
that's all the legs yeah all the legs
tucked in absolutely an incredible
footage
you